{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14880\viewh18900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The difference between CLI (Command Line Interface) and GUI (Graphical User Interface) is  how you interact with your computer. CLI is text-based and a little more complicated and GUI is more visual and simpler. A CLI is mostly text based, this is were you type the commands to do the tasks. An example of this is when you open a folder or run a program, you could use commands like cd to navigate between the folders or mkdir to create a new folder. The CLI is fast and uses less computer power, it\'92s also great for users who know the commands. However, it can be hard for people who are just beginning because it doesn\'92t show any visual tools and requires you to remember the commands.  A GUI is more visual. It uses things like windows, icons, and buttons. Instead of typing the commands like CLI, you can click,  drag, or select items to complete tasks. An example of this is opening a folder, this is super simple because you just click on it. GUI\'92s are easier to use, especially for people who are just begigning. You do need more computer power to run because of all of the graphics and visuals. I think that CLI is better for technical users who need speed and precision. GUI is easier and more visually appealing for everyday tasks. Both are useful in different situations. }